so let's start at number ten and this is
the car which isn't on the current price
list as it's now been deleted the
Vauxhall Tigre was not a bad little
coupe a4 it's time
remember this came out before Ford's
Puma and Renaud's Magan and was pretty
much the only affordable coupe a around
hello children I'd like to play a little
word game with you I'd like you to think
of as many words as you can to describe
this car cute stylish small cuddly and
girly now that's the end of the word
game but what does it reveal well that
the Vauxhall Tigre very definitely gets
the thumbs up inside well you get the
standard Vauxhall look which can be a
bit mundane on some cars but not on the
Tigre there are seats in the back but if
you're over 5 foot 10 tall you won't
want to spend too long sat back there
the boots not bad for size either plus
the rear seats fold to give you that
extra luggage space but if you're
thinking you're gonna get aunt Sally's
Chip and Dale chest in there forget it
it hasn't the road manners of say the
Puma and it really is cramped especially
in the rear seats but the Tigre has made
many owners happy why don't you get out
of the road this is actually quite a
pleasant car to drive the steering is
sharper and more responsive than on the
courser and even this 1.4 Otto still
feels fairly quick equipment levels are
high too we've already mentioned that
it's got electric windows and electric
mirrors Plus this has got power assisted
steering it's got a driver's airbag it's
got an electric sunroof and you get
alloy wheels on the 1.6 model the car
gives the speed without the high
insurance
it's curvaceous without being
ostentatious although it's old it
doesn't look outdated and stands out
from the crowd in a big way although the
suspension makes the drive a little
bumpy it's what you expect for a small
sports coupe a refinement is pretty poor
and the engines are little buzzy but
it's got plenty of pep to get you around
at the end of the day the Vauxhall Tigre
can be loads of fun and they really get
you noticed the late departed Tigre at
number 10